About section fleshed out, small grammar changes. (#113)
destinygg/destinypositions: docs/about.md

## Who I am

My name is Steven Bonnell and my online handle across [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/destiny), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/destiny) and [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/destiny/) is Destiny. I'm most well known for my political content online, but I started my career as a [Starcraft 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StarCraft_II:_Wings_of_Liberty) livestreamer. Nowadays, I livestream most aspects of my life including gaming, online debates, and canvassing for political change. 

> Throughout my life I have tried to ensure the consistency of my beliefs, and to test my ideas I would argue with others, participating in debates and conversations whenever I could. When I was younger I could have been labelled as more of a Conservative or Libertarian, having taken to writers like Ayn Rand and listening to Conservative Talk Radio. However, as I grew older and engaged with a wider political community and range of ideas, I found myself disillusioned with right-wing rhetoric which came to a head with the election of Donald Trump in 2016. This motivated me to take a more active role in challenging the right wing concepts I once agreed with, and my politics could now most accurately be summarised as centre- to far-left economically, and socially progressive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout my life I have tried to ensure the consistency of my beliefs, and to test my ideas I would argue with others, participating in debates and conversations whenever I could. When I was younger I could have been labelled as more of a Conservative or Libertarian, having taken to writers like Ayn Rand and listening to Conservative Talk Radio. However, as I grew older and engaged with a wider political community and range of ideas, I found myself disillusioned with right-wing rhetoric which came to a head with the election of Donald Trump in 2016. This motivated me to take a more active role in challenging the right wing concepts I once agreed with, and my politics could now most accurately be summarized as center- to far-left economically, and socially progressive.
```

## Political advocacy

> Starting in [November of 2020](https://youtu.be/93leuGiUSpo), I attempted to mobilize my community, primarily young adults, into direct, local political action. Our first efforts were in Georgia, where we [knocked on over 20,000](https://www.wrbl.com/news/georgia-news/math-mvmt-hosts-canvassing-event-ahead-of-senate-run-offs/) doors in support of Jon Ossoff and Reverend Warnock. For my next effort, I wanted to focus on my hometown of Omaha, Nebraska to see if we could mobilize enough volunteers to get a progressive candidate elected to office. Sadly, because of how I was [mischaracterized online](https://www.reddit.com/r/Destiny/comments/lx0dnw/incredibly_disappointed_at_the_lack_of/) by news organisations and people on social media, my community and I were forced to stop campaigning for our mayor of choice. I've also interviewed a number of individuals ( [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AoEIeVrbWU) | [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLQUuui7ThA) | [3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9rtW5Vre2s) | [4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag23SLc2fIs) ) running for state and local offices while [exposing fraud](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0FnS1gFV4o) in other candidates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in [November of 2020](https://youtu.be/93leuGiUSpo), I attempted to mobilize my community, primarily young adults, into direct, local political action. Our first efforts were in Georgia, where we [knocked on over 20,000](https://www.wrbl.com/news/georgia-news/math-mvmt-hosts-canvassing-event-ahead-of-senate-run-offs/) doors in support of Jon Ossoff and Reverend Warnock. For my next effort, I wanted to focus on my hometown of Omaha, Nebraska to see if we could mobilize enough volunteers to get a progressive candidate elected to office. Sadly, because of how I was [mischaracterized online](https://www.reddit.com/r/Destiny/comments/lx0dnw/incredibly_disappointed_at_the_lack_of/) by news organizations and people on social media, my community and I were forced to stop campaigning for our mayor of choice. I've also interviewed a number of individuals ( [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AoEIeVrbWU) | [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLQUuui7ThA) | [3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9rtW5Vre2s) | [4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag23SLc2fIs) ) running for state and local offices while [exposing fraud](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0FnS1gFV4o) in other candidates.
```
